Update Spec (#26)
nexus-rpc/api: SPEC.md

the handler. The callback request must strip away the `Nexus-Callback-` prefix. E.g if a Start Operation request
includes a `Nexus-Callback-Token: some-token` header, the callback request would include a `Token: some-token` header.

> If a callback query parameter is provided, the `Nexus-Callback-Token` header is **REQUIRED**. It MUST contain a

Reviewer: Am curious, why do we require this? Shouldn't it be caller choice on whether they want to provide something to be provided back to them? Granted Temporal caller will always set it, but why does everyone have to? Is there something server side that requires it?

Author: I see your point. a caller could choose to rely on the Operation Token being provided to rebuild the context of the original request. 
Authz/Authn considered outside of the spec?

Reviewer: Yes, I think we leave callback auth to the callback implementer. That's why to me it seems like whether they want a token at all is up to their expectations. IMO we shouldn't force users to use tokens if they have no need for them (unless we have a server need for them).

In fact, as I understand it, `Nexus-Callback-Token` is an arbitrary term just shown as an example here. It could be `Nexus-Callback-MyKey` and I should get `MyKey: whatever` header in my callback.

Reviewer 2: I would be fine making it not required, but yes, Temporal will always supply this when making calls on behalf of a user.

> In fact, as I understand it, Nexus-Callback-Token is an arbitrary term just shown as an example here. It could be Nexus-Callback-MyKey and I should get MyKey: whatever header in my callback.

Yeah, originally it was `Nexus-Callback-Token` in the start request and `Token` in the callback, but felt like just `Token` is a bit too short and we would want something more descriptive for a header that is well known.

Reviewer: > but felt like just Token is a bit too short and we would want something more descriptive for a header that is well known.

Not following this exactly. The server on the handler side doesn't have a choice right since we just take all `Nexus-Callback-` headers and remove the prefix? Or are we saying the handler server understands token (it makes sense the caller server understands token, it creates/sets it and receives it).

Reviewer 2: My thoughts were:

1. On the caller side, the API is:
    
  ```
_, _ = sc.StartOperation(ctx, "my-op", input, client.StartNexusOperationOptions{
	RequestID:       "my-idempotency-key",
	CallbackURL:     w.NexusCallbackURL(),
	CallbackContext: MyObjectThatIUseToCorrelateTheCompletionWithSomething{},
})
  ```

2. Client serializes the context and produces a token which is transmitted via the `Nexus-Callback-Token` header.
3. Server receives this header and removes it from the header map, puts it in a dedicated field in the options struct:

  ```
func (*myOperationHandler) StartOperation(
	ctx context.Context,
	input MyInput,
	options nexus.StartOperationOptions,
) (nexus.HandlerStartOperationResult, error) {
	tokenFromStartOperationRequest = options.CallbackToken
	// kick off some async process, return _operation_ token...
}
  ```

4. Async process eventually completes and submits the callback along with the provided token:

  ```
resp, err := someNexusClient.CompleteNexusOperation(
	ctx,
	tokenFromStartOperationRequest,
	result,
)
  ```

5. The client translates this token to a `Nexus-Callback-Token` header.

In the Temporal API, we can make the callback token a strongly typed field by modifying this object: https://github.com/temporalio/api/blob/1ae5b673d66b0a94f6131c3eb06bc7173ae2c326/temporal/api/common/v1/message.proto#L171

Reviewer: > Client serializes the context and produces a token which is transmitted via the Nexus-Callback-Token header.

Yes, clients can choose to produce any number of header values, this is just one

> Server receives this header and removes it from the header map, puts it in a dedicated field in the options struct

Why this header vs any other header? I may have 5 headers I want, or 0, or whatever. I fail to see why `Token` should be any different than any other header in the spec.

> In the Temporal API, we can make the callback token a strongly typed field by modifying this object

Why can't I have any general header for my callback of any name and have them treated similarly? Token seems very implementation specific and makes sense as an example header in the spec, but we don't need to require it or force the term or whatever or extract it from the header or any of that.

> The `Nexus-Callback-Token` header is **REQUIRED**. It MUST contain a caller-generated token that uniquely identifies the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If a callback query parameter is provided, the `Nexus-Callback-Token` header is **REQUIRED**. It MUST contain a caller-generated token that uniquely identifies the
```

caller-generated token that uniquely identifies the originating operation. Handlers MUST include this header’s value as
a `Token` header in all callback requests to the caller-provided `callback` URL. This header allows correlation between
callback requests and their originating operations.

> 

Author: ```suggestion
If a callback query parameter is provided, the `Nexus-Callback-Token` header is **REQUIRED**. It MUST contain a
caller-generated token that is used to recreate context when processing the callback. Handlers MUST include this header’s value as
a `Token` header when invoking Callback requests.
```

the handler. The callback request must strip away the `Nexus-Callback-` prefix. E.g if a Start Operation request
includes a `Nexus-Callback-Token: some-token` header, the callback request would include a `Token: some-token` header.

> If a callback query parameter is provided, the `Nexus-Callback-Token` header is **REQUIRED**. It MUST contain a

Author: ```suggestion
If a callback query parameter is provided, the `Nexus-Callback-Token` header is **OPTIONAL**. It MAY contain a
```

### Cancel Operation

Request to cancel an operation. The operation may later complete as canceled or any other outcome. Handlers should

> ignore multiple cancellations of the same operation and return successfully if cancellation was already requested.

Author: ```suggestion
ignore multiple cancelations of the same operation and return successfully if cancelation was already requested.
```

- Issue a POST request to the caller-provided URL.
- Include any callback headers supplied in the originating StartOperation request, stripping away the `Nexus-Callback-`
  prefix.

> - The callback request **MUST include** a `Token` header derived from the required `Nexus-Callback-Token` header in the

Author: ```suggestion
- The callback request **MUST include** the `Nexus-Callback-Token` header in the
```

- Issue a POST request to the caller-provided URL.
- Include any callback headers supplied in the originating StartOperation request, stripping away the `Nexus-Callback-`
  prefix.

> - The callback request **MUST include** a `Token` header derived from the required `Nexus-Callback-Token` header in the

Reviewer 2: I'm wondering if we want to call it `Nexus-Callback-Token` on the callback side too because `Token` is a bit vague.

Author: Yeah, I agree. A sizable number of exception cases is hard to hold in your head as well. Not sure if we could change it now but `Nexus-Callback-Token` -> `Nexus-Token` seems a bit more clear.

- Issue a POST request to the caller-provided URL.
- Include any callback headers supplied in the originating StartOperation request, stripping away the `Nexus-Callback-`
  prefix.

- The callback request **MUST include** a `Token` header derived from the required `Nexus-Callback-Token` header in the
  originating StartOperation request. This header uniquely associates the callback with its originating operation and is
  mandatory for all callback deliveries.

- Include the following headers for resources associated with this operation to support completing asynchronous
  operations before the response to StartOperation is received:

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

  prefix.

- The callback request **MUST include** a `Token` header derived from the required `Nexus-Callback-Token` header in the
  originating StartOperation request. This header uniquely associates the callback with its originating operation and is
  mandatory for all callback deliveries.

- Include the following headers for resources associated with this operation to support completing asynchronous
  operations before the response to StartOperation is received:

  - `Nexus-Operation-Token`
  - `Nexus-Operation-Start-Time`
  - any `Nexus-Link` headers
- The `Nexus-Operation-Start-Time` header should be in a valid HTTP format described
  [here](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc5322.html#section-3.3). If omitted, the time the completion is received will
  be used as operation start time.
- Include a `Nexus-Operation-Close-Time` header, indicating the time when the operation completed (either successfully
  or unsuccessfully). The header's value must be a
  [valid RFC 3339 format timestamp](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc3339#section-5), with a resolution of
  milliseconds or finer.

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

  mandatory for all callback deliveries.

- Include the following headers for resources associated with this operation to support completing asynchronous
  operations before the response to StartOperation is received:

  - `Nexus-Operation-Token`
  - `Nexus-Operation-Start-Time`
  - any `Nexus-Link` headers
- The `Nexus-Operation-Start-Time` header should be in a valid HTTP format described
  [here](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc5322.html#section-3.3). If omitted, the time the completion is received will
  be used as operation start time.
- Include a `Nexus-Operation-Close-Time` header, indicating the time when the operation completed (either successfully
  or unsuccessfully). The header's value must be a
  [valid RFC 3339 format timestamp](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc3339#section-5), with a resolution of
  milliseconds or finer.

  - RFC 3339 timestamps and ISO 8601 timestamps are usually compatible, but some edge cases may apply
    [[1](https://protobuf.dev/programming-guides/json/#rfc3339), [2](https://ijmacd.github.io/rfc3339-iso8601/)].
- Include the `Nexus-Operation-State` header.

> - If state is `succeeded`, deliver non-empty results in the body with corresponding `Content-*` headers. 

Author: ```suggestion
- If state is `succeeded`, deliver non-empty results in the body with corresponding `Content-*` headers.
```

- If state is `failed` or `canceled`, content type should be `application/json` and the body must have a serialized
  [`Failure`](#failure) object.

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

- Issue a POST request to the caller-provided URL.
- Include any callback headers supplied in the originating StartOperation request, stripping away the `Nexus-Callback-`
  prefix.

> * The callback request **MUST include** a `Token` header derived from the required `Nexus-Callback-Token` header in the

Author: ```suggestion
- The callback request **MUST include** a `Token` header derived from the required `Nexus-Callback-Token` header in the
```

- Include the following headers for resources associated with this operation to support completing asynchronous
  operations before the response to StartOperation is received:

  - `Nexus-Operation-Token`
  - `Nexus-Operation-Start-Time`
  - any `Nexus-Link` headers
- The `Nexus-Operation-Start-Time` header should be in a valid HTTP format described
  [here](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc5322.html#section-3.3). If omitted, the time the completion is received will
  be used as operation start time.
- Include a `Nexus-Operation-Close-Time` header, indicating the time when the operation completed (either successfully
  or unsuccessfully). The header's value must be a
  [valid RFC 3339 format timestamp](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc3339#section-5), with a resolution of
  milliseconds or finer.

  - RFC 3339 timestamps and ISO 8601 timestamps are usually compatible, but some edge cases may apply
    [[1](https://protobuf.dev/programming-guides/json/#rfc3339), [2](https://ijmacd.github.io/rfc3339-iso8601/)].
- Include the `Nexus-Operation-State` header.
- If state is `succeeded`, deliver non-empty results in the body with corresponding `Content-*` headers. If state is

>   `failed` or `canceled`, content type should be `application/json` and the body must have a serialized

Author: ```suggestion
- If state is `succeeded`, deliver non-empty results in the body with corresponding `Content-*` headers. 
- If state is `failed` or `canceled`, content type should be `application/json` and the body must have a serialized
```

  [`Failure`](#failure) object.

> * Upon successful completion delivery, the handler should reply with a `200 OK` status and an empty body.

Author: ```suggestion
- Upon successful completion delivery, the handler should reply with a `200 OK` status and an empty body.
```
